body
He was banned five minutes later...
"[Original scene from ""Idiocracy""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAqIJZeeXEc)"
"""Let's get rid of all retailers, online shops, services, atm and use cases that led to present day success. They can use tabs for now. We will take them on board again once we have a working 2nd layer"" said no successful project ever"
Oh my god this is the greatest thing ever.
You must be kidding, how will I get financial sovereignity if I am in stranded the desert and I can't confirm my transactions with a raspberry pi and a satellite dish ?
omg this is gold
[Dialogue by u/Kain_niaK](https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7ooezr/anybody_want_to_make_a_hq_gif_out_of_the/)
"What no one seems to point out, is that increasing the blocksize would actually _increase_ 'decentralization', to a point .... so even if 'decentralization' were the single overridingly most important factor in all of this, the argument is _still_ soo weak.

You've two curves interacting - one is what percentage of users a blocksize increase would put running a full node out of reach for (given their hardware), and the other is the overall usage+userbase increase of a blocksize increase and the corresponding expected increase in users running full nodes. 

At the current blocksize, an increase of say 4x would quickly 4x the amount of usage, and correspondingly something around 4x the number of users and thus a big increase in the number of users likely to be running nodes. At the same time, because we're talking pretty low hardware requirements still, it would only reduce the percentage of those able to run a full node by a tiny single digit percentage, leading to a huge overall gain in 'decentralization'. Obviously at some point (of further blocksize increasing() the equation would start to go in the other direction, but that's at a _much_ higher blocksize.
"
"My only regret is that I have one upvote to give.  Thanks 

u/tippr 100 bits"
"""Now you know why he stayed anonymous"" ... **priceless**"
"r/bitcoin doesn't care about either decentralization or honesty.

The propaganda in that cesspool is nothing but blatant lies."
"Here, have some electrolytes !

/u/tippr $40"
Made me laugh. Love this movie and love this gif. You guys convinced me to stop buying BTC going to contribute to ETH and BCH now. Can't decide if I want to sell off my current BTC or not.
Idiocracy was supposed to be satire, not prophecy! 
"Highest quality shit post.

$1 u/tippr"
Fucking nailed it
Bitcoin is decentralized. 
funny because of how true it is.  that is almost exactly what some of the core fan bois sound like
"I remember being pretty excited about bitcoin five months ago. Then I sent my 10$ worth of bitcoin from one wallet to another; I'm still waiting for it to arrive."
"Okay, let's see if I understand what's been going on.  
  
A block is a list of transactions. When you make a transaction you peg an additional fee on to it that goes to whoever mines the block with that transaction. By paying a larger fee you're more likely to have your block mined first. As bitcoin's userbase grew there was less block space to go around so fees went up so you're block would be more likely to be mined. If bitcoin increased their blocksize there'd be space for more transactions per block, causing fees to dip.  
  
Am I understanding this correctly? "
"I keep up with this sub regularly to try to keep myself informed about crypto and especially btc because that's where I have most of my money put into. Can someone explain what is going on like I'm 5 years old with btc and what is/would be best for me to do with what I have invested in it?

I currently have coinbase, most of my money is invested in btc but I don't have a full btc. I'm essentially using it to grow enough that I can pay off some debt (and when I can, invest enough that I can have a decent backup savings!) crypto has been a wild ride trying to understand for me and i would appreciate some help, at least knowing where you guys get correct information from any good sites.

Thanks!"
Lightning network has been explained now and sounds like it should work
Hilarious!
Why make fun of lightning network? Lightning is fast! Speed of light shit. I mean you never hear the thunder before the lightning, it's always the other way around. Right?
"I've been rewatching this and mysteriously giggling the whole day. Thank you for this.
"
This is the perfect scene to depict the blocks size argument hahahaha 
Love it.  This is exactly what it's like trying to teach them.
"Great movie! I loved this!

$20 /u/tippr"
Brought to you by Luke Dash Jr.
So true, so sad.
Movie name please?
This is pretty good so far. Who can do voice-overs?
Well done. but the block size was increased with bitcoin cash. Sooooo... You know, why is everyone still talking about it. 
Diid you post this to /r/Bitcoin yet?
Holy shit, thats *perfect*!!! :D
If they raise block size, what happens to bch? I kinda don’t want them to think.
Great job but scrolled too fast 
I can't believe you like BitCoin too. We should hang out.
What happens to BCH if Bitcoin raises the block size to the same as BCH?
You think that the future Starbucks/Stripclub will have its own coin called ExtraDark?
mongodb is web scale!
I love you guys!!!!!! This community is so great.
Hahahaha one of my favorite scenes! 
This is great, so saved.
/u/tippr tip $5 
Absolutely my POV, I feel like I am behind that camera. Been finally starting to get into this topic (btc, blockain, and so on) and mostly end up reading conversations between people doing what you can see in the clip! 
Did I mention it’s decentralized?
"Too perfect. The dumb replies. The ""But LN tho""... Gosh... So accurate. Tabs and LN are not going to fix the issue."
"This whole situation just makes me sad. Sad that crypto currency won't end up facing the fight of its life from governments trying to shut it down but will slowly ebb away and die from self inflicted wounds.

I was a late adopter in late 2011 and to me, actually using bitcoin was more important than HODLing as a store of (potential value). I could buy and sell and transfer in seconds for practically no fee whatsoever.

I can't imagine how new adopters can wrap their heads around what is going on and although I don't have or hold any BCH just legacy, I'm starting to wonder whether the teams that work with legacy infrastructure have bitcoins best interest in mind.

It needs to be simplified and the power needs to be given back to the people,  not a bunch of miners and Dev's essentially holding progress hostage.

It really is sad. Like actual tears sad. It's hard to know what to believe when the well meaning and knowledgeable folks are mixed in with scammers, fear mongers and shills (on all sides)"
At this point - who cares.... I think they got the bitcoin that they wanted... great for them.  We should be reinforcing their active decision to remain at 1 megabyte.  This was a hard four years in the making.  
pure classic .. you can not sum it up any better than this. period. 
I'm all in on BTC ... but this is hilarious
69 bits u/tippr
[deleted]
"I think I was banned from here like 6 months ago, and I swear I only want to contribute. (I think I was banned for 30 days or something, I dont post often) 


Is it wrong to think that increasing block size is good but if we do it before we have much higher segwit adoption then sites like Coin base, GDAX and wallets like Mycelium will never invest the resources needed to upgrade to Segwit?

As it stands the pressure is on the big applications to adopt segwit but raise the blocksize now and then they will wait years and hold up Mimble Wimble, Bullet Proofs, and Zsnarks and of course Lightening and all the other awesome stuff segwit allows.

Its not that Im against a bigger block... But of we do it now then the pressure is off for the big guys to adopt segwit.

Like Local Bitcoins just announced its using Segwit... That will get us above 10% soon... One good mobile wallet and coin base and bang we got enough to increase block size"
Don’t ask BTC to raise blk size.  Large blk size is now with bitcoin cash. Period.  We should see the small blocksize experiment run to its conclusion.  Maybe they will be right maybe not. Time will tell.  BTC having a small blk size is good for big blockers for many reasons besides the size. Bch also has a less toxic environment, no censored forums, no brilliant-jerk developers.  If BTC raises block size it will really dampen bch progress and we will be stuck with a toxic censored community that is BTC. 
"This succinctly conveys pretty much the entire debate at this point.

/u/tippr $10"
"Oh god, that was almost perfect. Maybe change "" because it's decentralized"" to ""because Segwit"" or ""Core"". Because BTC sure ain't decentralized..."
1337 bits u/tippr made me lol
"Awesome quality well thought out gif!! Appreciate it.. im sure this will help wake up a lot of stuck people.. 

/u/tippr $.5"
"Sums it up neatly

u/tippr 42 bits"
Its just Bitcoin, not bitcoin core.  There is no core, only cash
Gosh this is amazing 
"Wow this is perfect  
10/10"
Oh man the lightning network part was so funny lmao
This is why I stopped going on r/bitcoin
"Welcome to /r/btc and /r/bitcoin

The Kindergarden of cryptocurrency.
"
"/u/tippr $1

That was a hilarious start to the day! Kudos to you, compadre."
Except for the fact that bigger blocks actually do reduce decentralization  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Dead.
u/tipprstats show
Big blocks, it's what plants crave
:D
Have you considered that most people don't want to trade centralization for a short term fix? If Bitcoin was created to decentralize currency as its primary goal, it would make sense to hold off changes that would create accelerated centralization before exhausting other options.
"If this is about why it got up to 20,000 whatever and then drop down to 13000 or whatever it was the last time I checked, I'm pretty sure it was a combination of two things

A bubble

People cashing out for Christmas shopping"
Tears in me eyes...
but smart enough to take over the project?
Amazing
Very funny! gild u/tippr
$1 u/tippr
But electrolytes....
You should post this to r/highqualitygifs
"Well, there's also the part where he outed himself, and everyone started coming out with a thousand and one excuses of why it couldn't be him, and if it was, he could prove it, and if he could prove it, he could just have forced the real Satoshi to prove it because it doesn't prove his personal involvement, and if he could prove his personal involvement by proving himself to people who knew the real Satoshi, he clearly just wanted to erode material checks into personal ones he could compromise.  Then, his government started coming after him, because hey, Bitcoin is ""worth"" something now, so taxes, and he had some few deep thoughts about who had his back and didn't, and whether he should really go on with it for something that would only have removed the curtains even faster and exposed the shitfest behind it, devaluating his hopes for bitcoin's value even faster.

Nothing short of a force wielding, Japanese yoda will ever convince the bitcoin community. Now, please don't mind, but I have a bucket of popcorn I must return to."
/u/tippr 333 bits
Big blockers gonna big block
"The basic problem is many new adopters look at BTC as the leading crypto. I can't even ask them test it out or setup a node, or set up a core wallet.

It is killing of a considerable chunk of newbies adopters and in overall it is bad for any other crypto.

"
Luke wilson actually looks a bit like Roger which adds a whole nother level.
This is fantastic
Has lightning even been enacted yet? Keep hearing about it from everyone over there but nobody knows if its even working or not yet.
If I had Bitcoin and a room at the white house...
Hahaha this is golden!
1 usd u/tippr
1 usd u/tippr
"This is obviously funny but how does this help?

Shouldn't everyone get over the fact different groups of people have different ideas on the specifics and use whatever works for them personally?

Don't like the development of BTC? Use BCH.

Think BCH is a shitcoin? Fine, use BTC."
This is fucking hilarious, but I still bought some more BTC. King coin baby!!!!!!!!!
I've been out of the loop for a few days and been in a hurry. Can sombody explain what's going on?
/u/tippr 3.50 bits
Epic
Amazing!!!!!
"
This is amazing "
r/CoreLogic
"Soooo. Much. Winning.

This post is fan-fuckin-tastic!!!"
Shots have officially been fired, tone vays jimmy song your move!
[deleted]
Bcash sucks. 
"It's all about money with people and not about how incredible this will be for us In  the future. Can't please everyone I guess.

Thank you, I'm definitely going to do some homework on crypto."
Why do you idiots call it bitcoin core? The name is clearly bitcoin you silly geese
Btrash.
"Oh you bitcoin cash clowns are the saddest. Your subreddit is literally called r/btc

You have to hide behind bitcoin in so many ways. It’s pathetic really

Oh and we have litecoin guys. BCash is unnecessary"
Why it so op?
Bitcoin is decentralized.
The circle jerk continues....
Even you guys refer to bitcoin cash as a shitcoin, got it
Why do you guys care about bitcoin when you have your own 8mb bch?
This is gonna make me seem like a knob but this, fucking this everytime Im talking with my friend group. It's a goddamn merrygoround of circular arguements that could be solved by simply listening to the person you asked to help you with your problems in the first place.  (>_<)
/u/tippr gild
"Great memes, but the line ""I'm no dev but..."" pretty much nails this subreddit (and /r/bitcoin for that matter). The devs will work it out, either way."
Awesome! :) /u/tippr $3
Yes. /u/tippr $0.50
